
<b>DOM Manipulation</b><br>
Used DOM to create game elements (player, asteroids, and asteroid shower).  Game elements are then positioned by using constants stored within the script, and reused for other element creations.

<b>Positioning of elements</b><br>
Every element has been given a negative margin (eg. -20px), half of the width of the element (eg. 40px). This is to simplify centering placement of element.

Creation of asteroids required multiple calculations to have it evenly spaced, to have enough room for movement.

Game page width is 800px and asteroid width is 50px. Spacing between asteroids on X axis calculated by getting the difference between game page width and 2 X axis padding. It is then divided by the number of spaces in between asteroids (asteroids per row -1).

Placement of asteroids on Y axis is calculated as such:
y = asteroidsYPadding + index * asteroidsYSpacing;
Placement of asteroids on X axis for every asteroid on Y axis:
let x = i * asteroidsXSpacing + asteroidsXPadding;

<b>Game Movement</b><br>
Game is controlled with keyboard inputs (up, down, left, right, space) for player movement and action. Key down and key up event listeners are put in place, to prevent action repetition, which will affect gameplay.

A cool down timer is added to prevent the player from shooting too many lasers with one key. 

A game loop using window.requestAnimationFrame() was used, a recursive function that will loop through every frame. Time stamps were then used to get a constant in between frames. The difference between both time stamps (previous frame & current frame) is then divided by 1000 to get the time in seconds. That number will then be multiplied to a speed constant, that will be then used to move the game element position by its X or Y axis.

Asteroid shower is created by individual asteroids. A random  cool down time (between a minimum set value and a set value for cool down time) is assigned to each asteroid upon creation. Time difference between two frames is subtracted from cool down value every frame. Once cool down time == 0, asteroids will create asteroid shower.

Hit detection is by checking if every rectangle of the elements intersect. Rectangles are generated by calling getBoundingClientRect(), which will give us top, bottom, right, left values of the element rectangle every frame. A function with a condition is passed, to give us a value of false every time the rectangles do not intersect. If the value is true, element will then be removed from the page and the array holding the element will be updated accordingly using array.filter().
